.TH "database::postgres::Basic::PostgresBasic" 3 "18 Jun 2012" "Version 1.0.0" "SpatialAnalyzer" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
database::postgres::Basic::PostgresBasic \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBconnectToDatabase\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBcreateCursor\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBexecuteQuery\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdb\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBuser\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpasswd\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlogger\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
.PP
.nf

This class is is a helper class used to perform basic operations on the Postgres database.
@author: Bartlomiej Grabowski
@version: 1.0
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 17 of file Basic.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def database::postgres::Basic::PostgresBasic::__init__ ( self)".PP
.nf

Initialize basic Postgres database's parameters such as:
-name of database,
-database user name,
-password to database.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 24 of file Basic.py.
.SS "def database::postgres::Basic::PostgresBasic::connectToDatabase ( self)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to create a new connection to a Postgres database.
@see: PostgresBasic
@param None:
@return: handle to a Postgres database. 
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file Basic.py.
.SS "def database::postgres::Basic::PostgresBasic::createCursor ( self,  _conn)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to create new cursor to a Postgres connection.
@see: PostgresBasic
@param _conn Int: Input parameter is a handle to a Postgres database.
@return: cursor to a new Postgres connection. 
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 63 of file Basic.py.
.SS "def database::postgres::Basic::PostgresBasic::executeQuery ( self,  _cursor,  _query)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to execute a query to the Postgres database.
@see: PostgresBasic
@param _cursor cursor: Input parameter is a cursor to Postgres database.
@param _query string: Input parameter is a query string.
@return: int Returns a 0 if successful.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 81 of file Basic.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBdatabase::postgres::Basic::PostgresBasic::db\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 40 of file Basic.py.
.SS "\fBdatabase::postgres::Basic::PostgresBasic::logger\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file Basic.py.
.SS "\fBdatabase::postgres::Basic::PostgresBasic::passwd\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file Basic.py.
.SS "\fBdatabase::postgres::Basic::PostgresBasic::user\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 41 of file Basic.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for SpatialAnalyzer from the source code.
