.TH "src::client::gui::draw_osm_image" 3 "18 Jun 2012" "Version 1.0.0" "SpatialAnalyzer" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
src::client::gui::draw_osm_image \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Classes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "class \fBUi_DrawOSMImage\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBdrawOSMFile\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBfillHighwayColor\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBfillLanduseColor\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBfillLaisureColor\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBfillBuildingColor\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBfillNaturalColor\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBfillRailwayColor\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBdrawOSMFile1\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Variables"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBscene\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBx\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBy\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpicture\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def src::client::gui::draw_osm_image::drawOSMFile ( self)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to draw picture from osm file.
@param None:
@return: This function does not return a value.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 315 of file draw_osm_image.py.
.SS "def src::client::gui::draw_osm_image::drawOSMFile1 ( self)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to draw picture from osm file.
@param None:
@return: This function does not return a value.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 468 of file draw_osm_image.py.
.SS "def src::client::gui::draw_osm_image::fillBuildingColor ( self,  polygonStyle,  kind,  color)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to fill building color.
@param lineStyle mapnik.Style: Input parameter is mapnik style.
@param kind string: Input parameter is kind of building.
@param color string: Input parameters is building color. 
@return: This function does not return a value.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 399 of file draw_osm_image.py.
.SS "def src::client::gui::draw_osm_image::fillHighwayColor ( self,  lineStyle,  kind,  color,  thickness)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to fill highways color.
@param lineStyle mapnik.Style: Input parameter is mapnik style.
@param kind string: Input parameter is kind of highway.
@param color string: Input parameters is highway color.
@param thickness float: Input parameter is line thickness.  
@return: This function does not return a value.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 326 of file draw_osm_image.py.
.SS "def src::client::gui::draw_osm_image::fillLaisureColor ( self,  polygonStyle,  kind,  color)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to fill laisure color.
@param lineStyle mapnik.Style: Input parameter is mapnik style.
@param kind string: Input parameter is kind of laisure.
@param color string: Input parameters is laisure color. 
@return: This function does not return a value.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 382 of file draw_osm_image.py.
.SS "def src::client::gui::draw_osm_image::fillLanduseColor ( self,  polygonStyle,  kind,  color)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to fill lands color.
@param lineStyle mapnik.Style: Input parameter is mapnik style.
@param kind string: Input parameter is kind of land.
@param color string: Input parameters is land color. 
@return: This function does not return a value.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 358 of file draw_osm_image.py.
.SS "def src::client::gui::draw_osm_image::fillNaturalColor ( self,  polygonStyle,  kind,  color)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to fill natural color.
@param lineStyle mapnik.Style: Input parameter is mapnik style.
@param kind string: Input parameter is kind of natural.
@param color string: Input parameters is natural color. 
@return: This function does not return a value.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 423 of file draw_osm_image.py.
.SS "def src::client::gui::draw_osm_image::fillRailwayColor ( self,  lineStyle,  kind,  color,  thickness)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to fill railways color.
@param lineStyle mapnik.Style: Input parameter is mapnik style.
@param kind string: Input parameter is kind of railway.
@param color string: Input parameters is railway color.
@param thickness float: Input parameter is line thickness.  
@return: This function does not return a value.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 439 of file draw_osm_image.py.
.SH "Variable Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_osm_image::picture\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 664 of file draw_osm_image.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_osm_image::scene\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 478 of file draw_osm_image.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_osm_image::x\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 480 of file draw_osm_image.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_osm_image::y\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 482 of file draw_osm_image.py.
.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for SpatialAnalyzer from the source code.
