.TH "src::client::gui::draw_from_osm::Ui_DrawFromOSMFile" 3 "18 Jun 2012" "Version 1.0.0" "SpatialAnalyzer" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
src::client::gui::draw_from_osm::Ui_DrawFromOSMFile \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits Client::Client.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetupUi\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBretranslateUi\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBflushDataRecords\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBgetOSMFileList\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBaddFileIntoList\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBselectRelatedRowsByCell\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBshowOSMDrawForm\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBdownloadFile\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBget_file_list\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfiles_table\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBrelated_files_list\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlabel\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlabel_2\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBclear_file_list\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcancel_window\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdraw_file\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBframe\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBgetListFlag\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBoutList\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBrows\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBrelatedFiles\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDrawOSMImage\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsh\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
.PP
.nf

Class Ui_DrawFromOSMFile is class displays window to drawing shapefiles. PyQT implementation.
@author: Bartlomiej Grabowski
@version: 1.0
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 26 of file draw_from_osm.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def src::client::gui::draw_from_osm::Ui_DrawFromOSMFile::addFileIntoList ( self,  filesList,  fileName)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to add file to osm file list.
@param filesList list: Input parameter is built-in Python's list.
@param fileName string: Input parameter is name of osm file. 
@return: This function does not return a value.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 163 of file draw_from_osm.py.
.SS "def src::client::gui::draw_from_osm::Ui_DrawFromOSMFile::downloadFile ( self,  destDir,  fileName)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to download file from server.
@param destDir string: Input parameter is destination directory.
@param fileName string: Input parameter is file name. 
@return: This function does not return a value. Returns 1 if error occurred.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 237 of file draw_from_osm.py.
.SS "def src::client::gui::draw_from_osm::Ui_DrawFromOSMFile::flushDataRecords ( self)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to flush records from QTableWidget.
@param None:
@return: This function does not return a value.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 125 of file draw_from_osm.py.
.SS "def src::client::gui::draw_from_osm::Ui_DrawFromOSMFile::getOSMFileList ( self)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to get osm(OpenStreetMap) file list from server.
@param None:
@return: This function does not return a value.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 136 of file draw_from_osm.py.
.SS "def src::client::gui::draw_from_osm::Ui_DrawFromOSMFile::retranslateUi ( self,  DrawFromOSMFile)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to translate Qt's items.
@param DrawFromOSMFile QWidget: Input parameter is QtGui.QWidget.
@return: This function does not return a value.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 107 of file draw_from_osm.py.
.SS "def src::client::gui::draw_from_osm::Ui_DrawFromOSMFile::selectRelatedRowsByCell ( self,  x,  y)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to select related rows by cell.
@param x int: Input parameter is x coordinate of cell.
@param y int: Input parameter is y coordinate of cell. 
@return: This function does not return a value.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 181 of file draw_from_osm.py.
.SS "def src::client::gui::draw_from_osm::Ui_DrawFromOSMFile::setupUi ( self,  DrawFromOSMFile)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to setup all elements of the main window.
@see: Ui_DrawFromOSMFile
@param DrawFromOSMFile QtGui.QWidget: Input parameter is QtGui.QWidget.
@return: This function does not return a value. 
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file draw_from_osm.py.
.SS "def src::client::gui::draw_from_osm::Ui_DrawFromOSMFile::showOSMDrawForm ( self)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to displays form allowing to draw osm files.
@param None:
@return: This function does not return a value.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 216 of file draw_from_osm.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_osm::Ui_DrawFromOSMFile::cancel_window\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 86 of file draw_from_osm.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_osm::Ui_DrawFromOSMFile::clear_file_list\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 83 of file draw_from_osm.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_osm::Ui_DrawFromOSMFile::draw_file\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 89 of file draw_from_osm.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_osm::Ui_DrawFromOSMFile::DrawOSMImage\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 228 of file draw_from_osm.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_osm::Ui_DrawFromOSMFile::files_table\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 49 of file draw_from_osm.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_osm::Ui_DrawFromOSMFile::frame\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 92 of file draw_from_osm.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_osm::Ui_DrawFromOSMFile::get_file_list\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 46 of file draw_from_osm.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_osm::Ui_DrawFromOSMFile::getListFlag\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 134 of file draw_from_osm.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_osm::Ui_DrawFromOSMFile::label\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file draw_from_osm.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_osm::Ui_DrawFromOSMFile::label_2\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 73 of file draw_from_osm.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_osm::Ui_DrawFromOSMFile::outList\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 143 of file draw_from_osm.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_osm::Ui_DrawFromOSMFile::related_files_list\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 67 of file draw_from_osm.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_osm::Ui_DrawFromOSMFile::relatedFiles\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 199 of file draw_from_osm.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_osm::Ui_DrawFromOSMFile::rows\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 145 of file draw_from_osm.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_osm::Ui_DrawFromOSMFile::sh\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 229 of file draw_from_osm.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for SpatialAnalyzer from the source code.
