.TH "src::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage" 3 "18 Jun 2012" "Version 1.0.0" "SpatialAnalyzer" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
src::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits Client::Client.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetupUi\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBretranslateUi\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBconf_shp_image\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtab\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBbackground_image_color\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBbackground_label\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBpolygons_color\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlabel\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlines_color\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlabel_2\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtab_2\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBprojection_label\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBprojection_type\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBout_image_name\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBout_image_label\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtab_3\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBantialiasing_checkbox\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtab_4\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBscale_label\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBscale_x_label\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBscale_y_label\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBscale_x_input\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBscale_y_input\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBrotation_label\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBangle_label\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBangle_input\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBshear_label\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBshear_x_label\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBshear_y_label\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBshear_x_input\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBshear_y_input\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBline\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBline_2\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBshp_image_view\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBshp_name_label\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBshp_file_name\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdraw_image\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBclear_button\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcancel_button\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Definition at line 12 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def src::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::retranslateUi ( self,  DrawSHPImage)"
.PP
Definition at line 152 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "def src::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::setupUi ( self,  DrawSHPImage)"
.PP
Definition at line 13 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::angle_input\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 95 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::angle_label\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 92 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::antialiasing_checkbox\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 60 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::background_image_color\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 24 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::background_label\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 27 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::cancel_button\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 144 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::clear_button\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 141 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::conf_shp_image\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 19 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::draw_image\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 138 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::label\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 33 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::label_2\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 39 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::line\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 117 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::line_2\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 122 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::lines_color\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::out_image_label\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::out_image_name\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::polygons_color\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 30 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::projection_label\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::projection_type\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::rotation_label\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 85 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::scale_label\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::scale_x_input\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 79 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::scale_x_label\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 73 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::scale_y_input\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 82 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::scale_y_label\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 76 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::shear_label\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 98 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::shear_x_input\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 111 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::shear_x_label\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 105 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::shear_y_input\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 114 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::shear_y_label\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 108 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::shp_file_name\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 134 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::shp_image_view\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 128 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::shp_name_label\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 131 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::tab\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::tab_2\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 43 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::tab_3\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 58 of file draw_from_shp1.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_from_shp1::Ui_DrawSHPImage::tab_4\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 64 of file draw_from_shp1.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for SpatialAnalyzer from the source code.
