.TH "src::client::gui::client_main::Ui_MainWindow" 3 "18 Jun 2012" "Version 1.0.0" "SpatialAnalyzer" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
src::client::gui::client_main::Ui_MainWindow \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits Client::Client.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetupUi\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBretranslateUi\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsendSHP\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBdrawFromSHPFile\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBdrawFromOSMFile\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcentralwidget\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsend_shp\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdraw_shp_from_file\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdraw_osm_from_file\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBwidget\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBhorizontalLayout\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlabel\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlabel_server\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBmenubar\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstatusbar\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBForm\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBsh\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDrawFromSHPFile\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDrawFromOSMFile\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
.PP
.nf

Class Ui_MainWindow is a major class representing the
main window of SpatialAnalyser application. PyQT implementation.
@author: Bartlomiej Grabowski
@version: 1.0
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 16 of file client_main.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def src::client::gui::client_main::Ui_MainWindow::drawFromOSMFile ( self)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to show form to drawing osm(OpenStreetMap) files.
@param None:
@return: This function does not return a value.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 121 of file client_main.py.
.SS "def src::client::gui::client_main::Ui_MainWindow::drawFromSHPFile ( self)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to show form to drawing shapefiles.
@param None:
@return: This function does not return a value.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 109 of file client_main.py.
.SS "def src::client::gui::client_main::Ui_MainWindow::retranslateUi ( self,  MainWindow)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to translate Qt's items.
@param MainWindow QMainWindow: Input parameter is QtGui.QMainWindow.
@return: This function does not return a value.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 80 of file client_main.py.
.SS "def src::client::gui::client_main::Ui_MainWindow::sendSHP ( self)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to show form to send shapefiles to the Postgres database.
@param None:
@return: This function does not return a value.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 94 of file client_main.py.
.SS "def src::client::gui::client_main::Ui_MainWindow::setupUi ( self,  MainWindow)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to setup all elements of the main window.
@see: Ui_MainWindow
@param MainWindow QMainWindow: Input parameter is QtGui.QMainWindow.
@return: This function does not return a value. 
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 24 of file client_main.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::client_main::Ui_MainWindow::centralwidget\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 34 of file client_main.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::client_main::Ui_MainWindow::draw_osm_from_file\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file client_main.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::client_main::Ui_MainWindow::draw_shp_from_file\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 39 of file client_main.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::client_main::Ui_MainWindow::DrawFromOSMFile\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 128 of file client_main.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::client_main::Ui_MainWindow::DrawFromSHPFile\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 116 of file client_main.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::client_main::Ui_MainWindow::Form\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 102 of file client_main.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::client_main::Ui_MainWindow::horizontalLayout\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 48 of file client_main.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::client_main::Ui_MainWindow::label\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 50 of file client_main.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::client_main::Ui_MainWindow::label_server\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 57 of file client_main.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::client_main::Ui_MainWindow::menubar\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 65 of file client_main.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::client_main::Ui_MainWindow::send_shp\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 36 of file client_main.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::client_main::Ui_MainWindow::sh\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 104 of file client_main.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::client_main::Ui_MainWindow::statusbar\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 69 of file client_main.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::client_main::Ui_MainWindow::widget\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 45 of file client_main.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for SpatialAnalyzer from the source code.
