.TH "src::client::gui::draw_osm_image::Ui_DrawOSMImage" 3 "18 Jun 2012" "Version 1.0.0" "SpatialAnalyzer" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
src::client::gui::draw_osm_image::Ui_DrawOSMImage \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
Inherits Client::Client.
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBsetupUi\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBretranslateUi\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBxml2obj\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBrender\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBosm_name_label\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBfile_name_label\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBosm_image_view\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdraw_image_button\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBclear_image_button\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcancel_window_button\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBdata\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBstack\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBroot\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBcurrent\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBtext_parts\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Private Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fB_attrs\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
.PP
.nf

Class Ui_DrawOSMImage is class displays window to drawing osm files. PyQT implementation.
@author: Bartlomiej Grabowski
@version: 1.0
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 24 of file draw_osm_image.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def src::client::gui::draw_osm_image::Ui_DrawOSMImage::render ( self,  myMap)"
.PP
Definition at line 173 of file draw_osm_image.py.
.SS "def src::client::gui::draw_osm_image::Ui_DrawOSMImage::retranslateUi ( self,  DrawOSMImage)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to translate Qt's items.
@param DrawOSMImage QWidget: Input parameter is QtGui.QWidget.
@return: This function does not return a value.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 69 of file draw_osm_image.py.
.SS "def src::client::gui::draw_osm_image::Ui_DrawOSMImage::setupUi ( self,  DrawOSMImage)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to setup all elements of the main window.
@see: Ui_DrawOSMImage
@param DrawOSMImage QtGui.QWidget: Input parameter is QtGui.QWidget.
@return: This function does not return a value. 
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 31 of file draw_osm_image.py.
.SS "def src::client::gui::draw_osm_image::Ui_DrawOSMImage::xml2obj ( self,  src)".PP
.nf

@brief: A simple function to converts XML data into native Python object.
@param src string: Input parameter is a path to xml file.
@return: xml object. 
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 83 of file draw_osm_image.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_osm_image::Ui_DrawOSMImage::_attrs\fP\fC [private]\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 96 of file draw_osm_image.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_osm_image::Ui_DrawOSMImage::cancel_window_button\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 60 of file draw_osm_image.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_osm_image::Ui_DrawOSMImage::clear_image_button\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 57 of file draw_osm_image.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_osm_image::Ui_DrawOSMImage::current\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 137 of file draw_osm_image.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_osm_image::Ui_DrawOSMImage::data\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 97 of file draw_osm_image.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_osm_image::Ui_DrawOSMImage::draw_image_button\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 54 of file draw_osm_image.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_osm_image::Ui_DrawOSMImage::file_name_label\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 47 of file draw_osm_image.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_osm_image::Ui_DrawOSMImage::osm_image_view\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 51 of file draw_osm_image.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_osm_image::Ui_DrawOSMImage::osm_name_label\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 44 of file draw_osm_image.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_osm_image::Ui_DrawOSMImage::root\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 136 of file draw_osm_image.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_osm_image::Ui_DrawOSMImage::stack\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 135 of file draw_osm_image.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::gui::draw_osm_image::Ui_DrawOSMImage::text_parts\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 138 of file draw_osm_image.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for SpatialAnalyzer from the source code.
