.TH "src::client::Client::Client" 3 "18 Jun 2012" "Version 1.0.0" "SpatialAnalyzer" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
src::client::Client::Client \- 
.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fB__init__\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBget_reference_to_obj\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBclient_send_shp_to_postgres\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBclient_send_wbd_to_postgres\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBclient_get_shp_file_list\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBclient_get_shp_file_content\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBclient_get_osm_file_list\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "def \fBclient_get_osm_file_content\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBlogger\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBobj\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBrootContext\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBconfSHPDownloadsLoc\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBconfSHPDownloadsFlush\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBconfOSMDownloadsLoc\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBconfOSMDownloadsFlush\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBconfServerContext\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBconfObjectContext\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBconfSHPIntID\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBconfSHPIntKind\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBconfSHPDrawIntID\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBconfSHPDrawIntKind\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBconfIconsDir\fP"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBoutList\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
.PP
.nf

Class Client is a major client side class.
@author: Bartlomiej Grabowski
@version: 1.0
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 22 of file Client.py.
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "def src::client::Client::Client::__init__ ( self)".PP
.nf

Client constructor. The constructor takes the initialization 
of CORBA main facilities such as reference to NameService and configuration parameters.
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 29 of file Client.py.
.SS "def src::client::Client::Client::client_get_osm_file_content ( self,  fileName)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to get osm(OpenStreetMap) file content from server.
@see: Client
@param fileName string: Input parameter is a osm file name.
@return: sequence<octet> Returns octet sequence or 1 if error occurred. 
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 266 of file Client.py.
.SS "def src::client::Client::Client::client_get_osm_file_list ( self)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to get osm(OpenStreetMap) file list from server.
@see: Client
@param None:
@return: list Returns built-in Python's list() or 1 if error occurred. 
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 237 of file Client.py.
.SS "def src::client::Client::Client::client_get_shp_file_content ( self,  fileName)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to get shapefile content from server.
@see: Client
@param fileName string: Input parameter is a shapefile name.
@return: sequence<octet> Returns octet sequence or 1 if error occurred. 
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 210 of file Client.py.
.SS "def src::client::Client::Client::client_get_shp_file_list ( self)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to get shapefile list from server.
@see: Client
@param None:
@return: list Returns built-in Python's list() or 1 if error occurred. 
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 182 of file Client.py.
.SS "def src::client::Client::Client::client_send_shp_to_postgres ( self,  fileName,  tabName)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to send shapefile to Postgres database.
@see: Client
@param fileName string: Input parameter is a shapefile name.
@param tabName string: Input parameter is a table name in database.
@return: int Returns 0 if successful.  
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 115 of file Client.py.
.SS "def src::client::Client::Client::client_send_wbd_to_postgres ( self,  fileName)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to send shapefile (world border dataset) to Postgres database.
@see: Client
@param fileName string: Input parameter is a shapefile name.
@return: int Returns 0 if successful.  
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 150 of file Client.py.
.SS "def src::client::Client::Client::get_reference_to_obj ( self,  prefix,  postfix)".PP
.nf

@brief: This function is used to get reference to object.
@see: Client
@param prefix string: Input parameter is a object id.
@param postfix string: Input parameter is a kind of object.
@return: CORBA object.  
.fi
.PP
 
.PP
Definition at line 97 of file Client.py.
.SH "Member Data Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "\fBsrc::client::Client::Client::confIconsDir\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 94 of file Client.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::Client::Client::confObjectContext\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 72 of file Client.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::Client::Client::confOSMDownloadsFlush\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 66 of file Client.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::Client::Client::confOSMDownloadsLoc\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 64 of file Client.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::Client::Client::confServerContext\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 70 of file Client.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::Client::Client::confSHPDownloadsFlush\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 60 of file Client.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::Client::Client::confSHPDownloadsLoc\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 58 of file Client.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::Client::Client::confSHPDrawIntID\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 87 of file Client.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::Client::Client::confSHPDrawIntKind\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 89 of file Client.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::Client::Client::confSHPIntID\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 80 of file Client.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::Client::Client::confSHPIntKind\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 82 of file Client.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::Client::Client::logger\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 35 of file Client.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::Client::Client::obj\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 42 of file Client.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::Client::Client::outList\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 192 of file Client.py.
.SS "\fBsrc::client::Client::Client::rootContext\fP"
.PP
Definition at line 44 of file Client.py.

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for SpatialAnalyzer from the source code.
